feat: Enable Dropping of Rows based on field values (#20917)
cloudquery/cloudquery: plugins/transformer/basic/docs/overview.md

Note: transformations are applied sequentially. If you rename tables, the table matcher configuration of subsequent transformations will need to be updated to the new names.
Note: escape syntax is [SJSON sytax](https://github.com/tidwall/sjson?tab=readme-ov-file#path-syntax).

Edge Cases and limitations for `drop_rows` transformation:

> - The `drop_rows` transformation only supports non-list columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only non-list columns are supported
```

We don't need to repeat `drop_rows`, we're already in the context of `drop_rows` limitations

> - If you are trying to drop based on a nil value in the column, you should leave the `values` field empty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are trying to drop based on a nil value in the column, you should leave the `value` field empty
```

> - If you are trying to drop based on a JSON value, make sure that the value is the compacted version of the JSON. For example, if you want to drop rows where a JSON column `tags` has a value of `{"foo": "bar"}`, you should specify the value as `{"foo":"bar"}` without any whitespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To drop rows based on a JSON value, use the compacted version of the JSON. For example, if you want to drop rows where a JSON column `tags` has a value of `{"foo": "bar"}`, you should specify the value as `{"foo":"bar"}` without any whitespace.
```
